well how was camp
any good digs awesome we're here
hey
[Music]
this is my boyfriend john it's a
pleasure to finally meet you
i hope you don't mind that i'm here i
know it's your lake house and i'm not
trying to take away time with your mom
[Music]
it's important to me that you're okay
with this i'm happy for you guys
[Music]
[Applause]
how did you guys meet i've been at the
lake all year studying a few species
here
you're kind of a weird dude i guess i am
but i mean
weird is cool right
do you always lock the doors when you
sleepwalk i saw you
walk into the lake towards his light i'm
pretty dry
[Music]
we have to learn how to forgive and
forget
right lips get off of him
he's here
you